Correct the documentation for create_doc privilege (#47784)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/index_.asciidoc

(Optional, enum) Set to `create` to only index the document
if it does not already exist (_put if absent_). If a document with the specified
`_id` already exists, the indexing operation will fail. Same as using the
`<index>/_create` endpoint. Valid values: `index`, `create`.

> If document id is specified, it defaults to `index` or else it defaults to `create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If document id is specified, it defaults to `index`. Otherwise, it defaults to `create`.
```
